Docs tutorial, "How to work with Rotations" (#355)
JuliaManifolds/Manifolds.jl: docs/src/examples/dimetourrotations.md

```julia
_X_ = hat(M, xR0, xθi)             # specific definition
_X = get_vector(M, xR0, xθi, e0)  # generalized definition
@assert _X_ == xXi; @assert _X == xXi
```

Now, let's place this algebra element on the manifold using the exponential map [`exp`](@ref):
```julia
xRi = exp(G, xR0, xXi)
# similarly for known underlying manifold
xRi_ = exp(M, xR0, xXi)

@assert isapprox( xRi, xRi_ )
```

### To Coordinates

The logarithm transform from the group back to algebra (or coordinates) is:
```julia
xXi_ = log(G, xR0, xRi)
xXi__ = log(M, xR0, xRi)
@assert xXi == xXi__
```

Similarly, the coordinate value can be extracted from the algebra using [`vee`](@ref), or directly from the group using the more generalized [`get_coordinates`](@ref):
```julia
# extracting coordinates using vee
xθi__ = vee(G, xR0, xXi_)[1]
_xθi__ = vee(M, xR0, xXi_)[1]

# OR, the preferred generalized get_coordinate function
xθi_ = get_coordinates(G, xR0, xXi_, e0)[1]
_xθi_ = get_coordinates(M, xR0, xXi_, e0)[1]

# confirm all versions are correct
@assert isapprox( xθi, xθi_ ); @assert isapprox( xθi, _xθi_ )
@assert isapprox( xθi, xθi__ ); @assert isapprox( xθi, _xθi__ )
```

### Actions and Operations

> With the basics in hand on how to move between the coordinate, algebra, and group representations, let's briefly look at composition and application of points on the manifold.  For example, a `Rotation(n)` manifold is the mathematical representation, but the points have an application purpose in retaining information regarding a specific rotation.  In contrast, using Euler angles, or Euclidean(n) space to store rotation information quickly becomes problematic.  Other rotation representation methods, including quaternions, Pauli matrices, etc., have similar features.

Reviewer: This paragraph seems to me a bit unclear. What problems with other representations do you have in mind? `Rotations(n)` uses the rotation matrix representation mostly because it generalizes to arbitrary dimensions and is relatively easy to work with in the manifold context.

Author: reworked

> Therefore, points from a manifold may have an associated action which we [`apply`](@ref).  Consider rotating through `θ = π/6` three vectors `V` from their native domain `Euclidean(2)`, from the reference frame `a` to frame `b`.  Keeping with our two-dimensional example above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, points from a Lie group may have an associated action which we [`apply`](@ref).  Consider rotating through `θ = π/6` three vectors `V` from their native domain `Euclidean(2)`, from the reference frame `a` to frame `b`.  Keeping with our two-dimensional example above:
```
Why is there a "therefore"?

I'm not sure why you mentioned reference frames here? I think there may be some confusion regarding active vs passive transformation. Our actions are, IIRC, always active currently. A passive action would have to work with bases of tangent spaces, since you can't even define reference frames on general manifolds. This also somewhat translates to the euclidean case where you can select origin of your reference frame arbitrarily.

Author: fixed

    @assert _X_ == xXi; @assert _X == xXi
    ```
    One more caveat here is that for the Rotation matrices, the tangent vectors are always stored as elements from the Lie algebra.

Now, let's place this algebra element on the manifold using the exponential map [`exp`](@ref):
```julia
xRi = exp(G, xR0, xXi)
# similarly for known underlying manifold
xRi_ = exp(M, xR0, xXi)

@assert isapprox( xRi, xRi_ )
```

### To Coordinates

The logarithm transform from the group back to algebra (or coordinates) is:
```julia
xXi_ = log(G, xR0, xRi)
xXi__ = log(M, xR0, xRi)
@assert xXi == xXi__
```

Similarly, the coordinate value can be extracted from the algebra using [`vee`](@ref), or directly from the group using the more generalized [`get_coordinates`](@ref):
```julia
# extracting coordinates using vee
xθi__ = vee(G, xR0, xXi_)[1]
_xθi__ = vee(M, xR0, xXi_)[1]

# OR, the preferred generalized get_coordinate function
xθi_ = get_coordinates(G, xR0, xXi_, B)[1]
_xθi_ = get_coordinates(M, xR0, xXi_, B)[1]

# confirm all versions are correct
@assert isapprox( xθi, xθi_ ); @assert isapprox( xθi, _xθi_ )
@assert isapprox( xθi, xθi__ ); @assert isapprox( xθi, _xθi__ )
```  

!!! note

>     The disadvantage might be that the representation of `X` is not nice, i.e. it uses too much space or doing vector-calculations is not so easy.  E.g. fixed rank matrices are overloaded for all vector operations, but maybe that is “not enough” for a general user application that really wants vectors. But: Given a basis `B` one can look at the coefficients of the tangent vector `X` with respect to basis `B`.  From the Sphere example note above the basis would be `Y1=[0.0,1.0,0.0]` and `Y2=[0.0,0.0,1.0]`, the so to get the coordinates would be `c = get_coordinates(Sphere(2), p, X, B)`.  Visa versa, if you have a coordinate vector with respect to a basis `B` of the tangent space at `p` and want the vector back, then you do `X2 = get_vector(M, p, c, B)` (and you should have `X2==X`).  The coordinate vector `c` might also have the advantage of saving memory. E.g. SPD matrix tangent vectors take n^2 entries to save, i.e. storing the full matrix, but the coordinate vectors only take n(n+1)/2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The disadvantage might be that the representation of `X` is not nice, i.e. it uses too much space or doing vector-calculations is not so easy.  E.g. fixed rank matrices are overloaded for all vector operations, but maybe that is “not enough” for a general user application that really wants vectors. But: Given a basis `B` one can look at the coefficients of the tangent vector `X` with respect to basis `B`.  From the Sphere example note above the basis would be `Y1=[0.0,1.0,0.0]` and `Y2=[0.0,0.0,1.0]`, the so to get the coordinates would be `c = get_coordinates(Sphere(2), p, X, B)`.  Vice versa, if you have a coordinate vector with respect to a basis `B` of the tangent space at `p` and want the vector back, then you do `X2 = get_vector(M, p, c, B)` (and you should have `X2==X`).  The coordinate vector `c` might also have the advantage of saving memory. E.g. SPD matrix tangent vectors take n^2 entries to save, i.e. storing the full matrix, but the coordinate vectors only take n(n+1)/2.
```

### Actions and Operations

With the basics in hand on how to move between the coordinate, algebra, and group representations, let's briefly look at composition and application of points on the manifold.  For example, a `Rotation(n)` manifold is the mathematical representation, but the points have an application purpose in retaining information regarding a specific rotation.     

> Points from a Lie group may have an associated action (i.e. a rotation) which we [`apply`](@ref).  Consider rotating through `θ = π/6` three vectors `V` from their native domain `Euclidean(2)`, from the reference point `a` to a new point `b`.  Engineering disciplines sometimes refer to the action of a manifold point `a` or `b` as reference frames.  More generally, by taking the tangent space at point `p`, we are defining a local coordinate frame with basis `B`, and should not be confused with "reference frame" `a` or `b`.

Reviewer: In the language of Manifolds.jl, what the code below does is rotating three points `aV1`, `aV2` and `aV3` from `Euclidean(2)` around the origin (point `[0, 0]`). These points can, of course, be identified with vectors (specifically, [free vectors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euclidean_vector#Overview) that have two coordinates. You can also keep separately their origins if they are meant to represent [bound vectors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euclidean_vector#In_Cartesian_space). FYI, I'm not particularly attached to this bound/free vector terminology so feel free to use different names, I just added these links to make the point more clear.

Manifolds.jl also offers a more differential-geometric way for representing bound vectors. Vectors `aV1`, `aV2` and `aV3` that are bound at `a` can be thought of as belonging to the tangent space at `a`, that is `TangentSpaceAtPoint(Euclidean(2), a)`. If you then wanted to rotate `aV1`, `aV2` and `aV3` through a rotation that sends `a` to `b`, you'd actually apply _differential_ of the group action on them, more or less like that:
```julia
using Manifolds, StaticArrays

a = [2, 3]
aV1 = [1;0]
aV2 = [0;1]
aV3 = [10;10]
G = SpecialOrthogonal(2)
A_left = RotationAction(Euclidean(2), G)
bθa = π/6

p0 = @SMatrix [1.0 0; 0 1]
xR0 = identity(G, p0)

B = DefaultOrthogonalBasis()
bXa = get_vector(base_manifold(G), xR0, bθa, B)
bRa = exp(G, xR0, bXa)

b = apply(A_left, bRa, a)
bV1 = apply_diff(A_left, bRa, a, aV1)
```
Of course, this is an extremely convoluted way of rotating a vector but that's what actually can be extended to arbitrary manifolds and actions. I don't know how useful would that perspective be, so don't take it as a recommendation for this tutorial, just a point that might be worth keeping in mind.

Author: > offers a more differential-geometric way for representing bound vectors

I agree with that, let me try work this in.  Will take a bit before I can though, busy week coming up this side.

> I don't know how useful would that perspective be, so don't take it as a recommendation for this tutorial, just a point that might be worth keeping in mind.

I think it is important to get the language right, otherwise this will always be something that comes up with more people wanting to add contributions.  Better to get it right now :-)  thanks!

Keeping with our two-dimensional example above:
```julia
aV1 = [1;0]
aV2 = [0;1]
aV3 = [10;10]

A_left = RotationAction(Euclidean(2), G)

bθa = π/6
bXa = get_vector(base_manifold(G), xR0, bθa, B)

> bRa = exp(G, R0, bXa)

Reviewer: Where is `R0` defined? Did you mean `xR0`?

Author: Oops, yes I think so.  I also want to review all these variables again, especially in the context of the next docs in PR #366 which needs a lot of variable name updates.

What I'd like to get right here is that the language from rigid transforms (aka coordinate transformations) through to the differential geometry (and also differential forms) is as consistent as possible.  The most important thing to get right now, in my view, is how folks understand all the conventions with a clear path to the future.  I think manifold and differential form/geometry language is the right way to go.  Getting consistency across terminology and convention is hard, but should eventually be the stronger outcome.

Reviewer: Yes, naming is hard, especially when we need to accommodate for people with different backgrounds. We have a long (and growing) table with notation used in Manifolds.jl: https://juliamanifolds.github.io/Manifolds.jl/stable/misc/notation.html but it still assumes basic knowledge of differential geometry. An introduction aimed at people who work with rigid transforms would definitely be valuable.

On the topic of differential forms, so far I haven't found any use for them outside of integration on manifolds so they are not available in `Manifolds.jl` yet but it's definitely something I'd like to see here :slightly_smiling_face: .

Author: Sounds good, my hope is that these two tutorial examples "how to rotations" and the next "how to rigid transforms" give enough of runway to learn the terminology and pick up the JuliaManifolds packages.  

Aside, over at IncrementalInference.jl we are working to adopt the differential forms / manifolds language as default (at least internally), while most of our audience is familiar with vector calculus and linear algebra lingo.  All the issue comments and documentation you guys have added the past couple of weeks have been a great help, thanks!

Reviewer 2: And the other way around: Thanks for the questions and hence improving the documentation.
